# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I do my best to write code that hits all three of those goals, but writing comments above important pieces in the code to explain things helps me when I revisit old areas and others when they are interpreting/working with my code. The advantages of working in this manner were as stated. When I went back and revisited the code while working on future modules, it was easy to pick up where I left off and integrate teh old in with the new. Knowing this, I could continue to use this CRUD module as a blueprint for ones I create in the future since it worked well for me in this course.
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I approach problems from a mindset where I dont know anything, so the route I take to solve said problem isn't biased to what I know, since what I know isn't always the best way to solve things. My approach for these problems didn't really differ, as I approach all problems with that mindset, as that is how I have found it easiest to solve most problems in the past. I would employ the strategies I used to code these projects and piggyback off the code we implemented in project two as the blueprint for my future projects.
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer Scientists problem-solve in a way not comparable to many other professions. It matters because most of the world's problems are solved by computer scientists, as most of modern life runs on technology. This project would help visualize Grazioso Salvare's data so they can make better decisions in the future or copy the ones in aspects they think they're doing good in.
